I would like to invite everyone to have afternoon tea, please order whatever you want.
Wanwan, I am very happy for you when you clean up the building.
She is the one you invited to dinner yesterday and is already half-dressed.
How do you treat everyone to afternoon tea?
What did you say? I didn't.
Look inside for yourself. At the same time, this family said what kind of tyrant you are looking at.
It was Bai who had thirty or forty people. Now three or four hundred people dug out.
You can't. I'm explaining.
What are you doing? The director has already listened to what you said.
Why don't you listen now and eat?
What's going on inside him?
Forget it this time
There's no need for you to use what's on display
You will go up and end up with four consequences
Why does he always listen to you?
It’s better if he doesn’t do this next time, good director.
I heard you don’t use my name again in the future.
After all, I am the one paying the bill.
Didn't you say you wanted to invite everyone together?
I already invited you yesterday
It cost 10,000 yuan
I have a lot
Go to what I know
Are you thinking, please give me my light number?
That's what I got from my own hard work.
How I spend it is my own business
But if I hadn't heard something
It's better if you use a spear to rise up, your reality
Since you want to say that I just had dinner
Didn't you say what you just said?
I always invite everyone to come together
You know I'm satisfied
What do you mean is very simple
How about the meal I just had with you?
Neither of these suggestions are good. Cut them out.
I won't buy anything from you again
Please take care of yourself
It seems that this back looks lighter than Tang Xiong’s photo
When I go to court, I want to see how long you can survive.